manifest: Update Matter sdk revision that includes a factory data fix (#9772)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/known_issues.rst

  Also, the Subscription window in the :guilabel:`LIGHT ON/OFF & LEVEL CLUSTER` contains faulty GUI layout (overlapping captions) used when passing minimum and maximum subscription interval values.
  This affects the Android CHIP Tool revision used for the |NCS| v2.2.0, v2.1.1, and v2.1.2 releases.

> 
> KRKNWK-15913: "user" field in the factory data set is not properly parsed. That field should have type of MAP instad of BSTR.
> 
>   **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply commit with fix to ``sdk-connectedhomeip`` (commit hash: ``TODO add SHA``).

Reviewer: ```suggestion

.. rst-class:: v2-2-0 v2-1-2 v2-1-1

KRKNWK-15913: Factory data set parsing issues
  The ``user`` field in the factory data set is not properly parsed. The field should be of the ``MAP`` type instead of the ``BSTR`` type.

  **Workaround:** Manually cherry-pick and apply commit with fix to ``sdk-connectedhomeip`` (commit hash: ``TODO add SHA``).
```
